ave                   : av
avenue                : av
boulevard             : blvd
bridge                : br
canyon                : cyn
center                : ctr
circle                : cir
court                 : ct
crescent              : cres
cut-off               : cutoff
drive                 : dr
east                  : e
expressway            : expwy
freeway               : fwy
highway               : hwy
hiway                 : hwy
information           : info
international         : intl
island                : isl
junction              : jct
lane                  : ln
lake                  : lk
loop                  : lp
mile                  : mi
miles                 : mi
mount                 : mt
mountain              : mtn
national              : natl
parkway               : pkwy
place                 : pl
plaza                 : plz
port                  : pt
river                 : r
road                  : rd
route                 : rt
rte                   : rt
square                : sq
tennessee             : tn
west                  : w
